the length of daylight in New York State changes from summer to fall by decreasing.
the length of daylight in New York State changes from summer to fall by increasing.
the length of daylight in New York State changes from summer to fall by remaining the same.
precipitation and runoff are both used to describe weather.
temperature and sky conditions are both used to describe weather.
wind speed and erosion are both used to describe weather.
types of clouds and deposition are both used to describe weather.
precipitation followed by evaporation made the puddle form and then disappear.
deposition followed by evaporation made the puddle form and then disappear.
precipitation followed by runoff made the puddle form and then disappear.
deposition followed by runoff made the puddle form and then disappear.
gravity causes rocks to roll downhill.
friction causes rocks to roll downhill.
erosion causes rocks to roll downhill.
magnetism causes rocks to roll downhill.
a meter describes an object's length.
a kilogram describes an object's length.
a liter describes an object's length.
a degree describes an object's length.
hearing is used to determine an object's texture.
smell is used to determine an object's texture.
taste is used to determine an object's texture.
touch is used to determine an object's texture.
chemical energy is found in food.
electrical energy is found in food.
sound is found in food.
mechanical energy is found in food.
color has changed.
mass has changed.
state has changed.
shape has changed.
this happens because the smooth road has less gravity.
this happens because the smooth road has more gravity.
this happens because the smooth road has less friction.
this happens because the smooth road has more friction.
a bear is nonliving.
a bicycle is nonliving.
a bird is nonliving.
a butterfly is nonliving.
an example of a learned trait is being able to read.
an example of a learned trait is being able to breathe.
an example of a learned trait is having a scar.
an example of a learned trait is having brown eyes.
make food and eliminate waste are carried out by all species of living things.
hibernate and take in nutrients are carried out by all species of living things.
grow and reproduce are carried out by all species of living things.
migrate and seek shelter are carried out by all species of living things.
this adaptation helps the fox to find food.
this adaptation helps the fox to keep warmer.
this adaptation helps the fox to grow stronger.
this adaptation helps the fox to escape from predators.
watching television is an example of a good health habit.
smoking cigarettes is an example of a good health habit.
eating candy is an example of a good health habit.
exercising every day is an example of a good health habit.
a decomposer is an organism that hunts and eats animals.
a decomposer is an organism that migrates for the winter.
a decomposer is an organism that breaks down dead plants and animals.
a decomposer is an organism that uses water and sunlight to make food.
electricity is the main source of energy for the water cycle.
erosion is the main source of energy for the water cycle.
gravity is the main source of energy for the water cycle.
sunlight is the main source of energy for the water cycle.
swimming in a lake is most harmful to the natural environment.
riding a bicycle is most harmful to the natural environment.
cutting down a rain forest is most harmful to the natural environment.
using solar energy is most harmful to the natural environment.
sleet and hail are forms of clouds.
sleet and hail are forms of energy.
sleet and hail are forms of evaporation.
sleet and hail are forms of precipitation.
the movement of soil by wind or water is called condensation.
the movement of soil by wind or water is called evaporation.
the movement of soil by wind or water is called erosion.
the movement of soil by wind or water is called friction.
a balance is used to measure the volume of a liquid.
a ruler is used to measure the volume of a liquid.
a thermometer is used to measure the volume of a liquid.
a graduated cylinder is used to measure the volume of a liquid.
a student should use a balance to compare the masses of two small rocks.
a student should use a hand lens to compare the masses of two small rocks.
a student should use a ruler to compare the masses of two small rocks.
a student should use a measuring cup to compare the masses of two small rocks.
a metal fork is the best conductor of electricity.
a rubber boot is the best conductor of electricity.
a plastic spoon is the best conductor of electricity.
a wooden bat is the best conductor of electricity.
raindrops freezing is the best example of evaporation.
an ice cube melting is the best example of evaporation.
a puddle drying in the sun is the best example of evaporation.
a sponge soaking up water is the best example of evaporation.
electricity pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass.
friction pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass.
gravity pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass.
magnetism pulls the marble to the bottom of the glass.
sense of smell helps a fox find food.
a thick fur helps a fox find food.
a long tail helps a fox find food.
pointed teeth helps a fox find food.
repair causes the leaves of a plant to become larger.
growth causes the leaves of a plant to become larger.
decomposition causes the leaves of a plant to become larger.
germination causes the leaves of a plant to become larger.
a turtle eating worms is an example of breathing.
a turtle eating worms is an example of reproducing.
a turtle eating worms is an example of eliminating waste.
a turtle eating worms is an example of taking in nutrients.
the main function of a duck's webbed feet is to help the duck make noise.
the main function of a duck's webbed feet is to help the duck protect itself.
the main function of a duck's webbed feet is to help the duck swim in water.
the main function of a duck's webbed feet is to help the duck find a mate.
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by sweating.
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by shivering.
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by blinking.
one way animals usually respond to a sudden drop in temperature is by salivating.
this experiment tests how the plants respond to light.
this experiment tests how the plants respond to air.
this experiment tests how the plants respond to water.
this experiment tests how the plants respond to soil.
breathing most often has a harmful effect on the environment.
growing most often has a harmful effect on the environment.
planting most often has a harmful effect on the environment.
polluting most often has a harmful effect on the environment.
in New York State, the shortest period of daylight occurs during December.
in New York State, the shortest period of daylight occurs during June.
in New York State, the shortest period of daylight occurs during March.
in New York State, the shortest period of daylight occurs during September.
a dog burying a bone describes an organism taking in nutrients.
a girl eating an apple describes an organism taking in nutrients.
an insect crawling on a leaf describes an organism taking in nutrients.
a boy planting tomatoes in a garden describes an organism taking in nutrients.
telling a story is inherited rather than learned.
saluting the flag is inherited rather than learned.
having blue eyes is inherited rather than learned.
riding a bicycle is inherited rather than learned.
to protect the fish is the main function of scales on a fish.
to attract predators is the main function of scales on a fish.
to help the fish find food is the main function of scales on a fish.
to help the fish breathe is the main function of scales on a fish.
a squirrel climbing a tree is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment.
a rabbit feeding its young is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment.
a frog eating an insect is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment.
a bird migrating south is an example of an animal adapting to a change in the environment.
animals get energy for growth and repair from soil.
animals get energy for growth and repair from food.
animals get energy for growth and repair from water.
animals get energy for growth and repair from air.
these are two ways that organisms may adjust to cold temperatures.
these are two ways that organisms may adjust to hot temperatures.
these are two ways that organisms may adjust to a shortage of food.
these are two ways that organisms may adjust to a shortage of drinking water.
fall is a season of the year during which a rabbit’s fur would be thickest.
spring season is a season of the year during which a rabbit’s fur would be thickest.
summer season is a season of the year during which a rabbit’s fur would be thickest.
winter season is a season of the year during which a rabbit’s fur would be thickest.
a bat flying at night is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment.
a deer drinking water is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment.
an owl eating a mouse is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment.
a squirrel storing nuts is preparing for a seasonal change in the environment.
an example of a poor health habit is taking a bath or shower regularly.
an example of a poor health habit is handwashing after using the bathroom.
an example of a poor health habit is playing on a soccer team.
an example of a poor health habit is eating candy instead of lunch.
water is usually found in nature as a liquid, solid, and gas.
rock is usually found in nature as a liquid, solid, and gas.
metal is usually found in nature as a liquid, solid, and gas.
glass is usually found in nature as a liquid, solid, and gas.
she should use a thermometer to get a better look at the spots.
she should use a hand lens to get a better look at the spots.
she should use a graduated cylinder to get a better look at the spots.
she should use a balance to get a better look at the spots.
decreasing the temperature is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid.
increasing the temperature is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid.
decreasing the mass is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid.
increasing the mass is one way to change water from a liquid to a solid.
when a person speaks into a telephone, sound energy is changed mostly into heat.
when a person speaks into a telephone, sound energy is changed mostly into light.
when a person speaks into a telephone, sound energy is changed mostly into electrical energy.
when a person speaks into a telephone, sound energy is changed mostly into chemical energy.
the heat that produces the smoke is caused by magnetism.
the heat that produces the smoke is caused by sound.
the heat that produces the smoke is caused by light.
the heat that produces the smoke is caused by friction.
that a piano is played by striking the keys is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred.
that a shovel is used to move dirt from one place to another is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred.
that a ball is thrown into the air is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred.
that a stove is used to boil water in a pan is an example in which a thermometer could be used to show that heat energy is being transferred.
electrical energy was changed to sound energy.
light was changed to sound energy.
mechanical energy was changed to sound energy.
heat was changed to sound energy.
the ball comes back down gravity.
the ball comes back down friction.
the ball comes back down erosion.
the ball comes back down magnetism.
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is a bar magnet.
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is an inclined plane.
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is a pulley.
a simple machine that helps move a flag up a flagpole is a lever.
windy, cloudy, rainy, and cold are words that help describe evaporation.
windy, cloudy, rainy, and cold are words that help describe deposition.
windy, cloudy, rainy, and cold are words that help describe matter.
windy, cloudy, rainy, and cold are words that help describe weather.
sight can be used to determine an object’s ability to reflect light.
hearing can be used to determine an object’s ability to reflect light.
smell can be used to determine an object’s ability to reflect light.
taste can be used to determine an object’s ability to reflect light.
electricity causes the ball to fall to the ground.
friction causes the ball to fall to the ground.
gravity causes the ball to fall to the ground.
magnetism causes the ball to fall to the ground.
when an ice cube melts, its state of matter changes from a gas to a liquid.
when an ice cube melts, its state of matter changes from a solid to a liquid.
when an ice cube melts, its state of matter changes from a liquid to a solid.
when an ice cube melts, its state of matter changes from a solid to a gas.
grams can be used to describe an object’s length.
minutes can be used to describe an object’s length.
liters can be used to describe an object’s length.
meters can be used to describe an object’s length.
it takes one day for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times.
it takes one week for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times.
it takes one month for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times.
it takes one year for Earth to rotate on its axis seven times.
mechanical energy is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor.
magnetic energy is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor.
sound is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor.
electrical energy is being used when a person pushes a wooden block across the floor.
the volume of water most likely decreased.
the volume of water most likely increased.
the volume of water most likely remained the same.
big ears would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State.
a black nose would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State.
a thick fur would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State.
brown eyes would best help a bear to survive a winter in New York State.
all animals do need rocks, water, and soil in order to survive.
all animals do need water, air, and food in order to survive.
all animals do need air, rocks, and sunlight in order to survive.
all animals do need food, soil, and sunlight in order to survive.
this adaptation is called hibernation.
this adaptation is called migration.
this adaptation is called camouflage.
this adaptation is called movement.
since green plants make their own food, they are called predators.
since green plants make their own food, they are called prey.
since green plants make their own food, they are called decomposers.
since green plants make their own food, they are called producers.
a claws for obtaining food is correctly paired with its function.
a wings for eliminating waste is correctly paired with its function.
feathers for breathing is correctly paired with its function.
eyes for growing is correctly paired with its function.
humans depend on water from the environment.
humans depend on houses from the environment.
humans depend on electricity from the environment.
humans depend on roads from the environment.
a puppy can inherit muddy paws from its parents.
a puppy can inherit spotted fur from its parents.
a puppy can inherit a broken foot from its parents.
a puppy can inherit scar on face from its parents.
this adaptation is called hibernation.
this adaptation is called germination.
this adaptation is called migration.
this adaptation is called communication.
green plants get the energy they need to make food from air.
green plants get the energy they need to make food from sunlight.
green plants get the energy they need to make food from water.
green plants get the energy they need to make food from soil.
when plants and animals die, decomposers help return nutrients to the food chain.
when plants and animals die, predators help return nutrients to the food chain.
when plants and animals die, prey help return nutrients to the food chain.
when plants and animals die, producers help return nutrients to the food chain.
this period of time is called a life process.
this period of time is called a life span.
this period of time is called a life change.
this period of time is called a life cycle.
this is an example of a measurement.
this is an example of a prediction.
this is an example of an explanation.
this is an example of an observation.
if an object is attracted to a magnet, the object is most likely made of wood.
if an object is attracted to a magnet, the object is most likely made of plastic.
if an object is attracted to a magnet, the object is most likely made of cardboard.
if an object is attracted to a magnet, the object is most likely made of metal.
mechanical energy causes an ice cube to melt.
magnetic energy causes an ice cube to melt.
sound causes an ice cube to melt.
heat causes an ice cube to melt.
centimeters can be used to describe the length of a desk.
grams can be used to describe the length of a desk.
liters can be used to describe the length of a desk.
degrees Celsius can be used to describe the length of a desk.
gravity causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water.
friction causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water.
magnetism causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water.
electricity causes a marble to sink to the bottom of a glass of water.
revolution of Earth causes day and night.
revolution of the Moon causes day and night.
rotation of Earth causes day and night.
rotation of the Moon causes day and night.
a student should use a graduated cylinder to measure exactly 10 milliliters (mL.
a student should use pan balance to measure exactly 10 milliliters (mL.
a student should use a ruler to measure exactly 10 milliliters (mL.
a student should use a thermometer to measure exactly 10 milliliters (mL.
an object’s hardness, taste, and texture are examples of principles.
an object’s hardness, taste, and texture are examples of stages.
an object’s hardness, taste, and texture are examples of properties.
an object’s hardness, taste, and texture are examples of processes.
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to hide from danger.
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to attract a mate.
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to find food.
growing thicker fur in the winter helps some animals to keep warm.
this statement suggests that different plants have different life spans.
this statement suggests that plants depend on other plants.
this statement suggests that plants produce many offspring.
this statement suggests that seasonal changes help plants grow.
reading is necessary for humans to maintain good health.
resting is necessary for humans to maintain good health.
driving activity is necessary for humans to maintain good health.
talking activity is necessary for humans to maintain good health.
a decrease in air temperature from 60°F to 35°F would most likely cause a person to shiver.
a decrease in air temperature from 60°F to 35°F would most likely cause a person to sweat.
a decrease in air temperature from 60°F to 35°F would most likely cause a person to blink his eyes.
a decrease in air temperature from 60°F to 35°F would most likely cause a person to feel sleepy.
this is an example of migration.
this is an example of hibernation.
this is an example of germination.
this is an example of evaporation.
living things depend on energy from the Sun.
living things depend on energy from the Moon.
living things depend on energy from soil.
living things depend on energy from water.
hibernation often helps an animal attract a mate.
camouflage often helps an animal attract a mate.
coloration often helps an animal attract a mate.
migration often helps an animal attract a mate.
a decomposer is an organism that preys on other animals.
a decomposer is an organism that eats only plants.
a decomposer is an organism that recycles nutrients.
a decomposer is an organism that uses sunlight to make food.
in New York State, the longest period of daylight occurs during June.
in New York State, the longest period of daylight occurs during March.
in New York State, the longest period of daylight occurs during December.
in New York State, the longest period of daylight occurs during September.
sleet, rain, snow, and hail are forms of erosion.
sleet, rain, snow, and hail are forms of evaporation.
sleet, rain, snow, and hail are forms of groundwater.
sleet, rain, snow, and hail are forms of precipitation.
water freezing is an example of a liquid changing to a solid.
water freezing is an example of a solid changing to a liquid.
water freezing is an example of a gas changing to a solid.
water freezing is an example of a gas changing to a liquid.
heat is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas.
mechanical energy is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas.
chemical energy is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas.
sound is needed to change water from a liquid to a gas.
a person does use light to pedal a bicycle.
a person does use sound to pedal a bicycle.
a person does use mechanical energy to pedal a bicycle.
a person does use electrical energy to pedal a bicycle.
a wax crayon is the best conductor of electricity.
a plastic spoon is the best conductor of electricity.
a rubber eraser is the best conductor of electricity.
an iron nail is the best conductor of electricity.
condensation caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air.
evaporation caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air.
precipitation caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air.
erosion caused the rainwater in the pan to disappear as it sat outside in the hot air.
if the day were cool instead of hot, the rainwater in the pan would have disappeared slower.
if the day were cool instead of hot, the rainwater in the pan would have disappeared faster.
if the day were cool instead of hot, the rainwater in the pan would have disappeared in the same amount of time.
a human offspring can inherit a facial scar.
a human offspring can inherit blue eyes.
a human offspring can inherit long hair.
a human offspring can inherit a broken leg.
this is a special feature ducks have that helps them feed their young.
this is a special feature ducks have that helps them adapt to their environment.
this is a special feature ducks have that helps them attract a mate.
this is a special feature ducks have that helps them search for food.
the functions of a plant’s roots are to support the plant and make food.
the functions of a plant’s roots are to support the plant and produce fruit.
the functions of a plant’s roots are to support the plant and take in water and nutrients.
the functions of a plant’s roots are to support the plant and aid in germination.
a potato is a fruit.
an onion is a fruit.
a carrot is a fruit.
a pumpkin is a fruit.
a shady forest is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators.
a snowy field is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators.
a grassy lawn is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators.
a muddy riverbank is an environment in which a white rabbit would be best protected from predators.
this sequence of changes is an example of how living things go through a life cycle.
this sequence of changes is an example of how living things form a food web.
this sequence of changes is an example of how living things act as a source of food.
this sequence of changes is an example of how living things affect other parts of the ecosystem.
smell helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother.
taste helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother.
sight helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother.
sound helps the chicks receive this warning about danger from their mother.
trimming the leaves might be done to protect plants growing outside.
weeding them might be done to protect plants growing outside.
covering them might be done to protect plants growing outside.
giving them plant food might be done to protect plants growing outside.
the student can most likely identify shape.
the student can most likely identify color.
the student can most likely identify ability to reflect light.
the student can most likely identify ability to conduct electricity.
he should change color to make the clay float.
he should change texture to make the clay float.
he should change mass to make the clay float.
he should change shape to make the clay float.
her friend can see the signal because heat energy can be transferred from one object to another.
her friend can see the signal because mechanical energy can be transferred from one object to another.
her friend can see the signal because sound energy can be reflected from one object to another.
her friend can see the signal because light energy can be reflected from one object to another.
a flower produces the seeds.
leaves produces the seeds.
a stem produces the seeds.
roots produces the seeds.
gravel would be the best for this race.
sand would be the best for this race.
blacktop would be the best for this race.
grass would be the best for this race.
a pan balance would be best to measure the volume of a liquid.
a stopwatch would be best to measure the volume of a liquid.
a thermometer would be best to measure the volume of a liquid.
a graduated cylinder would be best to measure the volume of a liquid.
sleeping all day is one way that humans can maintain good health.
exercising daily is one way that humans can maintain good health.
eating snacks often is one way that humans can maintain good health.
staying up late is one way that humans can maintain good health.
